Timestamps for Video 112: Exploring a Career in Evaluation & Learning (Liz DiLuzio) (#284)
data-umbrella/event-transcripts: 2025/112-liz-evaluation.md

## Timestamps
```
## Timestamps
00:00 Data Umbrella Intro
02:50 Liz introduces herself
05:24 About Evaluation and Learning Consulting
07:41 What is evaluation?
10:00 Project Case Study 1: Wyckoff Heights Medical Centre
12:47 Project Case Study 2: Stanford University
16:00 Project Case Study 3: Afterschool Alliance
19:38 Evaluation + Analysis: Difference between the two roles

> 21:50 Skills needed to start out in eveluation and analysis
> 23:00 Tools used in evaluation Projects
> 26:41 Common terms in evaluation
> 32:28 Why the evaluation field is growing
> 34:51 Job prospects for analysts
> 40:36 Qualities of a good analyst
> 43:39 How to make yourself marketable
> 45:10 Introduction to evaluation for analysts workshop
> 47:10 Resources
> 48:00 Q: Do you ever get cases where you are called to do evaluation after data has been collected?
> 48:59 Q: Are there some specific metrics that come up over and over?
> 55:26 Q: Can you explain what a logic model is?
> 1:00:33 Q: Have you done eveluation for learning programs such as online courses and do you have any overaching shares from that?
> 1:02:20 Thank you!!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
21:50 Skills needed to start out in evaluation and analysis
23:00 Tools used in evaluation projects
26:41 Common terms in evaluation
32:28 Why the evaluation field is growing
34:51 Job prospects for analysts
40:36 Qualities of a good analyst
43:39 How to make yourself marketable
45:10 Introduction to evaluation for analysts workshop
47:10 Resources
48:00 Q: Do you ever get cases where you are called to do evaluation after data has been collected?
48:59 Q: Are there some specific metrics that come up over and over?
55:26 Q: Can you explain what a logic model is?
1:00:33 Q: Have you done evaluation for learning programs such as online courses and do you have any overarching shares from that?
1:02:20 Thank you!!
```
